Runs once at the start

Choose the size of your canvas

Runs every frame

Use the lat and long data to calculate the x y coords for the shape

return coordinates to place map pin

Red = 50, Green = 70, Blue = 206

Change the red value

Change the green value

Change the blue value

Background colour

Initialises the variable so that it can be added to it

Opens the file temporarily

Loops through each line in the file

Adds the line to the current contents of the variable

Initialises the list so that data can be appended (added) to it

Adds each line as an item in the list

Split each item separated by a comma into a list

Add the info list to the my_text_file list

Initialise the list to store the eruptions

Split the line into a list

Create a dictionary for the event

Store dictionary in a list

Strip away the \n

Display a message depending on what shape the user has pressed

Put code to run when the mouse is pressed here

For each line in the text file

Loop through all of the expedition dictionaries in the expeditions list

Check if the expedition number is equal to 3

If true, store the matching mission launch date

Loop through all of the sighting dictionaries in the ufo_sightings list

Store the longitude data

Store the latitude data

Start with a wrong answer for choice

Keep asking the user for the right answer

A fireball UFO was spotted here!

A circle-shaped UFO was spotted here!

A triangle-shaped UFO was spotted here!

A UFO made of light was spotted here!

A disc-shaped UFO was spotted here!

A random-shaped UFO was spotted here!

A cylinder-shaped UFO was spotted here!

There were no UFO sightings in this area!

A volcano erupted in ' + facts['region'] + ' in ' + facts['year']

Region not detected

World Happiness Index Data 2019

What would you like to see?
        1. How happy are countries overall?
        2. How much does national wealth matter?
        3. How well does your country look after the disadvantaged?
        4. How generous are people?
        5. How fair and honest are people?
        6. How much freedom do you have?
    Choice: 

Please enter 1 to encode/decode text, or 2 to perform frequency analysis:

Toy

Sporting

Terrier

Working

Herding

Hound

Non Sporting
